hello my name is joe from the game
business and today i'm going to be
showing you how to open and actually
play technic pack up to us so first
let's go to technicpack the dock nets
and you click on launch it outside just
launched at XCX get it there I've
already got mine at the bottom look
something like this strength your
desktop i'll give you download summer
you want it i'll check along the road
download your launcher alright then put
in some sense once you're roaming and up
technic launcher then you go there the
bottom says technic one excuse will draw
five rounds already there i'm going to
copy into my desktop you click it
enjoy this little load inside winslet
take it launcher you log in there or
watch straight away after login it's
same line you can choose with Lou tech
technique take it your box box on my
part x las manos play minecraft the
vanilla she's right without any mods
alright and then you put you on you can
choose your mods which is some source
features of each mud ok but you have to
have minecraft to watch the play technic
launcher and turn it back alright guys
so just watching I'd be rich green roof
which may m youtube dirt blue line
couplet and the josh from the game
business singleton